_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Replace default files with personal page files

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: Mechatronics Engineer | Robotics Researcher

profile:
  align: right
  image: photo.jpg
  image_circular: false

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

---

I am a roboticist and a doctoral researcher at the [Munich Institute of Robotics and Machine Intelligence (MIRMI)](https://www.mirmi.tum.de/) as an affilitate of the [Konrad Zuse School of Excellence in Reliable AI (relAI)](https://zuseschoolrelai.de/).

My research interests lie mainly in the application of machine learning in robotics and particularly in biologically-inspired learning and computation. I aim to investigate whether replicating biological principles could enable significant advancements in robotic intelligence. To that end, I have recently focussed on *reinforcement learning* and *neuromorphic computing*.

I hold a B.Eng. in Mechatronic Engineering from the [University of Nottingham](https://www.nottingham.edu.my/) and a M.Sc. in Autonomous Systems from the [Bonn-Rhein-Sieg University](https://www.h-brs.de/).

My software development and systems integration expertise spans robot manipulation, navigation, computer vision, and fault detection and recovery. Over the years, I have worked on various robot platforms including the [Toyota HSR](https://robotsguide.com/robots/hsr), [Kinova Gen3](https://www.kinovarobotics.com/product/gen3-robots), [Franka Panda/FR3](https://franka.de/franka-research-3), and proprietary logistics robots at several groups: a RoboCup team ([b-it-bots](https://www.h-brs.de/en/a2s/b-it-botshome)), a Horizon 2020 consortium ([ROPOD](https://cordis.europa.eu/project/id/731848/reporting)), [KELO Robotics](https://www.kelo-robotics.com/), and [MIRMI](https://www.mirmi.tum.de/).
